another winter warmer rescue for you and
here's my recipe for a beef cottage pie
with in a secret ingredient for an extra
crispy topping and for the ingredients
you'll need 500 grams of beef mince 3
carrots 2 onions from oil to fry some
tomato puree some oyster sauce a beef
stock cube 750 grams of potatoes a knob
of butter a dash of milk and some ready
salted crisps so we'll start by
preparing the onions cut each end off
chop them in half and then peel then
with a sharp knife carefully finely chop
them and then set the onions aside and
now it's time for the carrots
slice each end off peel them and then
slice them lengthwise and then finely
chop with you night
now that your carrots are ready you need
to get a large partners to go on the hop
then pour in some oil so we can fry get
your onions and carrots that we prepared
earlier and then throw them in the pan
and fry for about five minutes then get
your beef mince and throw that in the
pan as well along with a couple of major
squirts of tomato puree some lashings
of Worcester sauce and crumble in the
beef stock
then give everything a stir and keep
frying until the mince goes nice and
brown
and then when your mince sauce looks
something like this boil the kettle and
pour some water over the top so the
contents are just about colored then
give everything one final stir and leave
it to simmer for about 40 to 50 minutes
or until the sauce is thickened nicely
and meanwhile we can start preparing the
mashed potato so peel all your spuds and
then chop them into chunks
when your potatoes are ready put some
hot water on the go in a saucepan and
then leave them to boil for about 15
minutes
once your potatoes are done get yourself
a colander and then pour the potatoes in
to drain the water then put them back in
the saw spoon pour in your dash of milk
and then put in your knob of butter
then get your potato masher and then
mash the potatoes so they're nice and
smooth like me now once your min sauce
is finished simmering and you've got a
nice thick sauce give it a final stir
and then take off the heat and now it's
ready to stick everything into an oven
dish firstly spoon out your mint sauce
into the dish and then level it out so
it's nice and flat
now get your mashed potato and spread
that on top of the mint sauce and I find
its easiest to do if you spoon it out
and then use the back of a spoon to
spread it over and make it nice and flat
once you have a nice uniform layer of
mashed potato get a fork and draw some
lines in the top and this will help it
to crisp up a little easier now bust
open your packet ready salted crisps
crush them between your hands whilst
they're still in the packets are there
nice and fired then sprinkle them evenly
on the top of the cottage pie and now
it's ready for the oven so stick it on
about 190 degrees and then put the
cottage pie in for about 35 to 40
minutes and make sure you keep an eye on
it to make sure it's not burning and
it's crispy on nicely when it's golden
brown and it's bubbling at the edges you
know it's cooked and it's ready to serve
so why not enjoy this cottage pie with
your favorite veg this winter
tah-dah and remember to check out even
more of my recipes by clicking on one of
the videos coming up